COUNTING PROFIT and LOSS

As we understand how the formula of PnL works, we will try to put it in practice. I recommend to use a calculator and an empty text document or a piace of paper for the side notes and final numbers, so ones mind can stay focused on the steps, not on holding too many numbers together. This helps to prevent mistakes.

Let's try to put it in practice: 

1 - Have a look on the potfolio, there is a coin called $COPE. For the practice - imagie that we have decided that we will hold this coin until it has a value of $10000. What is the exit price on the market, we are looking for to exit on (or set a take profit SELL order)?

2 - There are news that Turkey is invading Greece and however the EU and NATO do not really react as "expected", they announce a lot of economical sanctions. We concluded $TRYB will fall because of that. 
Entering - opening a SHORT position at a price of $0.0715 - for $1500. We decided following targets: that we will close one half of our position when $TRYB drops 40% from our entry and the rest of the position, when $TRYB drops 50% from our entry.
a) What will be the Take profit points (the exit price marks)?
b) What will be our total profit (on top of the 1500$ investment)?
c) If the price action will go against us, we agreed to absorb losses of $300, to not to expose ourselves to bigger risk. Whats the $TRYB price then to set a stop loss - exit strategy?

3 - Actually I made a mistake in the excercise number 1. It is slightly a bit more complicated. We are looking to withraw 10000 in total, just like in the excercise number 1, but in EURO, in CASH. The market though is only in COPE/USD. To get it in cash, we will use an ATM as we aim for. ATM takes 3.5% fee and allows only 900E withdrawls per transaction. Each transaction charges 10E fixwd fee on top of the 3.5% fee. If our aim is to have 10000E in cash in the end of this investment, what is the price to exit the COPE/USD market. Giving the anticipation that the ratio of USD/EUR stays the same as it's today.
